passive_voice.md, before:

# Passive voice

Passive voice is the form of the speech where an action is shifted from the actor to subject.
> He delivers letters -> Letters are delivered by him

Passive voice is used in cases:
- when the person who does the action is unknown, unimportant or obvious
- when the action is more important than the actor
- to put emphasis on the agent


## Structure
`be + verb 3rd form`

The structure adapts to the aspect of the verb:
- simple - `is done`
- continuous - `is being done`
- perfect - `has been done`

> Only one controller is needed to play Just Dance on Nintendo Switch.
> My controller is being used by Alex, you can take it later.
> Four of mine controllers have been broken during that crazy dance.

With the modals: `modal + be + verb 3rd form`
> A Nintendo Switch controller can be used for the Just Dance game.

The action performer is introduced by the `by` preposition or is ommited. 
Just as in the previous sentence, lol.


## Subject
Not only one subject can be used for the passive voice:
> Kevin asked Dennis a question.
can be converted to both
> Dennis was asked by Kevin
> Question was asked by Kevin

But there is a limitation.
Passive voice can be used only with direct objects.

Commit message:

Update with the future tense rules

passive_voice.md, after:

# Passive voice

Passive voice is the form of the speech where an action is shifted from the actor to subject.
> He delivers letters -> Letters are delivered by him

Passive voice is used in cases:
- when the person who does the action is unknown, unimportant or obvious
- when the action is more important than the actor
- to put emphasis on the agent


## Structure
`be + verb 3rd form`

The structure adapts to the aspect of the verb:
- simple - `is done`
- continuous - `is being done`
- perfect - `has been done`

> Only one controller is needed to play Just Dance on Nintendo Switch.
> My controller is being used by Alex, you can take it later.
> Four of mine controllers have been broken during that crazy dance.

With the modals: `modal + be + verb 3rd form`
> A Nintendo Switch controller can be used for the Just Dance game.

In future tense structure will be as: `will + be + verb 3rc form`.
> Julia is preparing dance competition. A winner will be awarded with the latest release of Just Dance videogame.

The action performer is introduced by the `by` preposition or is ommited. 
Just as in the previous sentence, lol.


## Subject
Not only one subject can be used for the passive voice:
> Kevin asked Dennis a question.
can be converted to both
> Dennis was asked by Kevin
> Question was asked by Kevin

But there is a limitation.
Passive voice can be used only with direct objects.
