parts_of_speech/pronouns.md, before:

# Pronouns

`I`, `he`, `she`, `we`, `they`, `it` etc.

There is several pronoun's types:
- personal - `I`, `he`, `she`, `you`, `it`, `we`, `they`
- demonstrative - `this`, `these`, `that`, `those`
- interrogative - 
- relative - 
- indefinite - 
- reflexive - `myself`, `yourself`, `himself`, `themselves`, etc.
- intensive - 
- possessive - `mine`, `his`, `hers`, `yours`, `ours`, `theirs`

## Demonstrative
`this` and `that` for single objects.
`these` and `those` for plurals.

`this` and `these` are:
- for people and objects near us
> This guitar over here is mine.
- for present or future situations
> I'm going to Amsterdam this summer.

`that` and `those` are:
- for people and objects not near us
> That chair over there is broken.
- for past situations
> We had a wonderful vacation that year.
- to refer back something mentioned before
> I have failed my Exams. - That's too bad.

## Reflexive
Reflexive pronouns are used after certain verbs (`cut`, `behave`, `burn`, `enjoy`, `hurt`, `look at`, `teach`, etc.) when the subject and the object of the verb are the same person.
> I've cut myself

Commit message:

Add info about indefinite pronouns

parts_of_speech/pronouns.md, after:

# Pronouns

`I`, `he`, `she`, `we`, `they`, `it` etc.

There is several pronoun's types:
- personal - `I`, `he`, `she`, `you`, `it`, `we`, `they`
- demonstrative - `this`, `these`, `that`, `those`
- interrogative - 
- relative - 
- indefinite - `something`, `anything`, `nothing`, `everything`
- reflexive - `myself`, `yourself`, `himself`, `themselves`, etc.
- intensive - 
- possessive - `mine`, `his`, `hers`, `yours`, `ours`, `theirs`

## Demonstrative
`this` and `that` for single objects.
`these` and `those` for plurals.

`this` and `these` are:
- for people and objects near us
> This guitar over here is mine.
- for present or future situations
> I'm going to Amsterdam this summer.

`that` and `those` are:
- for people and objects not near us
> That chair over there is broken.
- for past situations
> We had a wonderful vacation that year.
- to refer back something mentioned before
> I have failed my Exams. - That's too bad.


## Indefinite
Indefinite pronouns are used to refer to people or things without saying exactly who they are.
- people - `someone`, `somebody`, `anyone`, `anybody`, `no one`, `nobody`, `everyone`, `everybody`
- things - `something`, `anything`, `nothing`, `everything`
- place - `somewhere`, `anywhere`, `nowhere`, `everywhere`

We use single verbs after indefinite pronouns:
> Nobody loves me.
> Everyone here wants tea.

Indefinite pronouns started with `any` in oppose to `some` are used mostly in a sentences with a negative idea.
> I don't need anyone to help me.
> Can somebody help me?
Also `anyone` means that him should not have any specific qualities.
> Anyone can learn to drive a car.

`'s` could be added to indefinitive pronouns to make them posessive.
> They are staying in someone's house.


## Reflexive
Reflexive pronouns are used after certain verbs (`cut`, `behave`, `burn`, `enjoy`, `hurt`, `look at`, `teach`, etc.) when the subject and the object of the verb are the same person.
> I've cut myself


- [Indefinite pronouns](https://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/grammar/english-grammar-reference/indefinite-pronouns)
- [Someone vs Anyone](https://oneminuteenglish.org/en/someone-vs-anyone/)
