## Task 1

Breakthrough questions:
1. Can you call yourself a board game amateur / a geek / a collector?
2. To play is human. What do you think makes board games so popular?
3. what was your first childhood board game
4. which genre appeals to you the most
5. what are the fundamental criteria you base your choice upon?

Try to talk on your favorite topic using the words below:

Categories
Mechanics
Genres
Tempo of the game
slow-moving    hard-core 
dynamic            casual
dimensional      wargames
                            social deduction
intricate            deck-construction
sophisticated  dice games
strategic
primitive
fiddly
laid-back
plenty of humor
flaffordable price tag
high replayability
to combine visuals and feels, meaningful choices, elements of suspense, interactivity

To enjoy... / think of .../ get used to .../ love ..
/ appreciate .../ to feel like .../ to end up.../to be great at.../ go about DOING

### Answers

1. I cannot call myself nor board game amateur, nor geek, nor collector.
I don't play too much, I have no regular members with whom I can play, and I haven't too many games.
I didn't taste a lot of genres yet.
For example, I've never played a dry euro game.
I think that for me this is a kind of hobby that I will forget after some time. 
But for now, I find it very interesting.

2. In my opinion, different kinds of genres are popular for different reasons.
Party games are popular because of the interactions between players.
Euro games popularity stands on the struggle between players, on tactics and mind games.
Amero games are popular because of the story generated by the game or game master and the mutual experience of the players.

Board games have a more elegant balance in comparison with most computer games.
For example, my favorite computer game HoMM 3 has boring gameplay for more than one player because there are no interactions between players for the most duration of the game.
Also, the balance between different castles was not ideal.

3. My first childhood game was the White Raven game.
It was based on roll-and-move mechanic like Monopoly but was not so long and has plenty of humor (at least it was fun for an 8 years old child).
Also at one of the birthday parties, I received a game of another kind of genre.
I couldn't remember the name of that game.
It was a strategy wargame with warrior miniatures, map and two castles.
There was some economic mechanics but it was too poor.
The funniest thing in that game was the miniature ballista with rubber thread and plastic shells.
And you were able to aim enemies warrior and shoot him with this ballista.
I remember that we played this game all throw the birthday party!

4. I don't have much experience in different genres. 
For example, I think that I never played a game with miple placement mechanics.
But from the actual point of my experience, my favorite mechanic is deck building.
I find it a good example of strategy and managed randomness.
My favorite game of this genre is Star Realms which has a short time of one match and flaffordable price.

5. For me, the main criteria for the game are the critic reviews.
In most cases, board game boxes couldn't answer the questions: is that game good or not? what kind of mechanics does that game have? what is the duration of an average party? Does it have interesting gameplay or does it have only a good visual?
So for me, it's impossible to buy a game without watching some reviews before.


## Task 2
Think of a few phrases with the following Verbs

AS YOU EXPLAIN THE RULES TO SMB:
- To get to know, to engage in, to dive into
- To learn, to test, to cover, to focus on, to address 
- To add, to sprinkle in (посыпать), to incorporate (включать, объединять)
- To fumble (нащупывать)
- To accomplish
- To go about
- To grasp, to get the hang of (наловчиться)
- To get together
- To entertain


GIVING YOUR OPINION 


IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYONE AGREES / KNOWS
MANY BELIEVE
SOME THINK... WHILE OTHERS FIND...
IT IS WIDELY ACCEPTED
IN MY OPINION
TO MY MIND
IF YOU ASK ME
IN MY EXPERIENCE
WHAT I MEAN IS


Prompting questions for you to think about:

What's the most popular type of board games? (To be ranking as the most popular, be played by, recognition of being the most.. )
Why do people play board games? (Get together/shared experience)
How does it affect your health? (To increase, improve, maintain)
What do board games teach us? (Promote...  
Help to ... / teach us to...)
What are the disadvantages of board games? (downsides, to bring up the worse, an impact, time/space consuming) 
What's your opinion on … ? What's your inpopular opinion on board games?
(Table space, 
It gets tough to...
The problem about exploration games is that...
To have a total disregard for...

### Answer

> What's the most popular type of board games? (To be ranking as the most popular, be played by, recognition of being the most.. )
It seems to me that the most popular type of board games is a party games.
There is always a lot of that kind of games boxes in the board game shop shelves.
It's easy to explain the rules of the party game and often it can contain a lot of players.

> Why do people play board games? (Get together/shared experience)
People play games for socialization, for sharing their mutual experience.
Some players like to discover and learn new rules and mechanics.

> How does it affect your health? (To increase, improve, maintain)
I'm not sure that board games have any affect to players health.
Maybe it's not healthy to sit for a long amount of time on the board game, but not all board games are long and some people sit much more on their work place.

> What do board games teach us? (Promote...  Help to ... / teach us to...)
Party games like Mafia teach us to bluf and to find a bluf. You need to have good critical thinking to play that kind of games successfully.
Euro games teach us to build our own tactics and oversee enemy steps.

> What are the disadvantages of board games? (downsides, to bring up the worse, an impact, time/space consuming) 
The main disadvantage of board games is their price.
You can have a lot more fun in the computer single game for much cheaper price or in the multiplayer videogame for free.

> What's your inpopular opinion on board games?
It's widely accepted that Monopolia is a classic game which can be interesting for any age man.
But if you ask me to join to your Monopolia group I would run away :)
To my mind that game is a boring roll-and-move trash without any decisions which you can make.
I have never seen that anyone could finish the Monopolia match.


### Questions:

Why this is not correct?
> Party games popular because of ...
